we're at the joke zone of the Falak
frontier what do you call a film about a
Lobos all by yourself
elephant used to water the garden
it's the joke our title god mom that
says joke son we've lost our strong but
silent ease I thank you and just as
we've seen before and he is silent but
strong it makes the vowel sound long if
you want to make the sound off it's just
the job but to make the long sound add
so I won't be alone to spell a word that
sounds like out choose Owen II don't be
her she got the idea now
yes to make the long sound add a so
won't be okay so we've got oh and a
silent e and they helped us to get the
joke zone sorted with my sort of jokes
you also get groan it's got that long o
sound but how's its spelt oh so it's
like someone's groaning already and
that's another way of spelling the long
vowel sound Oh with an O and an A
together if you want to make the sound
is just the job but to make the long
sound yes to make the long sound and a
will okay we're ready to enter the joke
so Natalie laughter dome and we'll be
hearing lots of jokes about things with
long ozone
I do with someone with only one